## No or Outdated Overview of Order Progress: 

The lack of real-time visibility into order status and progresses impedes effective planning and resource allocation and causes costly wastes.\

By ensuring accurate and up-to-date order data, production planning becomes more precise. This leads to optimized resource utilization, reduced waste, and timely deliveries. In addition, improved visibility allows for smarter allocation of resources. As a result, costs decrease, and production processes become more streamlined. Effective order tracking ensures on-time deliveries, enhancing customer satisfaction and bolstering the company’s reputation. Moreover, real-time data enables better inventory control. Excess stock is minimized, freeing up capital, while maintaining sufficient stock levels ensures uninterrupted production.

This can be achieved by the following technologies, among others:
1.	ERP System
o	Visualization of Data from an enterprise perspective
2.	MES System
o	Increased transparency of information from the manufacturing process
3.	SCADA System
o	Centralized supervisory and control lead to less costs for monitoring
4.	Cloud Computing
o	IT infrastructure is better accessible and transparent through cloud tech
5.	Track & Trace Technologies
o	Better planning through more data points
6.	Big Data Analytics
o	Better planning through more data points
7.	Edge Computing
o	Shorter processing times of data
8.	Mobile Computing
o	Increased overview through better access to information
9.	IoT 
o	Better planning through more transparency and connected software and tools
10.	Sensors and Actuators
o	Better planning through more data points
11.	Wearables
o	Increased overview through better access to information

Find your perfect partner for free to tackle your problems and be future-proofed! – Click here
