# Improving Data Visualization of Production Process

## Problem: Lack of Data Visualization of Production Process to Identify Bottlenecks

The lack of process data visualization causes tremendous problems in identifying bottlenecks and inefficiencies.

Real-time process visualization equips managers and operators with a comprehensive view of the shop floor. By monitoring workstations and tracking material flow, they gain timely insights. These insights transcend mere data points, leading to better decision-making at various levels of the production process. With real-time visualization, every facet of production becomes visible — no hidden details or obscured processes. This enables managers to optimize resource allocation, fine-tune schedules, and ensure stringent quality control by identifying bottlenecks and inefficiencies. Additionally, it allows for better allocation of machinery, labor, and materials, resulting in decreased costs and increased productivity.

Generating clean and orderly data is crucial. Additionally, it is important to be able to use this data so that it can be visualized and correlations understood. This can be achieved by the following technologies:

1. **ERP System**  
   Visualization of data from an enterprise perspective.

2. **MES System**  
   Increased transparency of information from the manufacturing process.

3. **SCADA System**  
   Centralized supervisory and control lead to lower monitoring costs.

4. **IoT**  
   Better planning through more transparency and connected software and tools.

5. **Sensors and Actuators**  
   Better planning through more data points.

## Relevant Lean Manufacturing Principles

Relevant Lean Manufacturing principles to consider include:

1. **Process Factors**  
   Consisting of pull production, continuous flow, and setup time reduction.

2. **Control and Human Factors**  
   Consisting of Total Productive Maintenance (TPM), statistical process control, and employee participation.

3. **Supplier Factors**  
   Consisting of supplier feedback, supplier development, and just-in-time delivery.

4. **Customer Factors**  
   Comprising customer involvement.

Want to find out more? Find your perfect partner for free to tackle your problems and be future-proofed! – [Click here](https://sfn.chemistree.de/de/community/sfn/frageboegen/industrieunternehmen/register)
