# Improving Transparency of Process Performance

## Problem: Limited Transparency of Process Performance (Downtime, OEE, etc.)

Insufficient insights into downtime, OEE, and other performance metrics hinder process optimization.

Real-time process visualization equips managers and operators with a comprehensive view of the shop floor. By monitoring workstations and tracking material flow, they gain timely insights. Real-time insights allow identification of specific downtime events (e.g., equipment breakdowns, maintenance, changeovers). This enables quicker decision-making, optimizing processes by fine-tuning cycle times, reducing delays, and enhancing throughput. Moreover, detecting deviations early prevents defective units from progressing downstream.

To achieve this, focus on automating manual work processes to obtain process data that can be utilized and interpreted. This can be achieved by the following technologies:

1. **SCADA System**  
   Process irregularities can be reduced, leading to less downtime for machines.

2. **Cloud Computing**  
   IT infrastructure is better accessible and transparent through cloud technology.

3. **IoT**  
   More insights through more transparency and connected software and tools.

4. **Sensors and Actuators**  
   Improved insights through more and reliable data points.

## Relevant Lean Manufacturing Principles

Relevant Lean Manufacturing principles to consider include:

1. **Process Factors**  
   Consisting of pull production, continuous flow, and setup time reduction.

2. **Control and Human Factors**  
   Consisting of Total Productive Maintenance (TPM), statistical process control, and employee participation.

3. **Supplier Factors**  
   Consisting of supplier feedback, supplier development, and just-in-time delivery.

Want to find out more? Find your perfect partner for free to tackle your problems and be future-proofed! – [Click here](https://sfn.chemistree.de/de/community/sfn/frageboegen/industrieunternehmen/register)
