# Improving Systematic Error Capture

## Problem: Difficulty in Capturing Errors by Humans or Machines Systematically

Disrupted improvement cycles delay adaptation to changing requirements and hinder agility on the shop floor level.

By identifying the underlying causes of errors, companies can address fundamental issues rather than merely treating symptoms. This leads to more robust and lasting solutions. When error conditions are systematically captured, organizations can take targeted corrective actions, which may involve process improvements, training, equipment maintenance, or other adaptive actions. By analyzing patterns and trends, organizations can implement preventive measures, enabling them to learn from mistakes, refine processes, and enhance product reliability. Moreover, data on error conditions facilitates decision-making, allowing managers to allocate resources, prioritize tasks, and adapt faster to changing environments.

To achieve this, better monitoring options are needed paired with a simplified way of recording errors. This can be achieved by the following technologies, among others:

1. **ERP System**  
   Visualization of data for transparent decision-making.

2. **MES System**  
   Less documentation through increased transparency of information.

3. **SCADA System**  
   Centralized supervisory and control leads to lower monitoring costs.

4. **Mobile Computing**  
   Simplified recording of occurrences during the manufacturing process.

5. **Sensors and Actuators**  
   Better planning through more data points.

6. **Wearables**  
   Increased overview through better access to information.

## Relevant Lean Manufacturing Principles

Relevant Lean Manufacturing principles to consider include:

1. **Process Factors**  
   Consisting of pull production, continuous flow, and setup time reduction.

2. **Control and Human Factors**  
   Consisting of Total Productive Maintenance (TPM), statistical process control, and employee participation.

3. **Supplier Factors**  
   Consisting of supplier feedback, supplier development, and just-in-time delivery.

Want to find out more? Find your perfect partner for free to tackle your problems and be future-proofed! – [Click here](https://sfn.chemistree.de/de/community/sfn/frageboegen/industrieunternehmen/register)
