# Enabling Data-Based Process Optimization

## Problem: No Data-Based Process Optimization or the Possibility to Learn from Data

The absence of data-driven insights limits continuous improvement efforts.

Implementing data-driven process optimization allows organizations to identify bottlenecks, streamline workflows, and reduce waste. These insights provide a factual basis for decision-making, facilitating optimization. Regular analysis of data encourages employees to seek innovative solutions and refine processes for continuous improvement. This enables organizations to proactively address potential issues, reducing operational and financial risks.

The generation of data and the quality of this data are the main focus. Advantageous technologies for this are:

1. **Big Data Analytics**  
   Patterns and information can be retrieved, increasing the quality and usability of given data.

2. **SCADA System**  
   Data can be visualized and conclusions drawn.

3. **Cloud Computing**  
   Increases the availability and usability of generated data.

4. **IoT**  
   Increases cross-linking at the shop floor level, expanding the amount of usable data points.

5. **Sensors and Actuators**  
   Increases the overall amount of data points.

## Relevant Lean Manufacturing Principles

Relevant Lean Manufacturing principles to consider include:

1. **Process Factors**  
   Consisting of pull production, continuous flow, and setup time reduction.

2. **Control and Human Factors**  
   Consisting of Total Productive Maintenance (TPM), statistical process control, and employee participation.

3. **Supplier Factors**  
   Consisting of supplier feedback, supplier development, and just-in-time delivery.

4. **Customer Factors**  
   Comprising customer involvement.

Want to find out more? Find your perfect partner for free to tackle your problems and be future-proofed! – [Click here](https://sfn.chemistree.de/de/community/sfn/frageboegen/industrieunternehmen/register)
