# Accelerating Improvement and Innovation Cycles

## Problem: Long Improvement Cycles for Improvement and Innovation Within the Company

Slow improvement cycles delay adaptation to changing requirements and hinder agility.

Shortening improvement cycles allows organizations to respond quickly to changing requirements, market dynamics, and technological advancements. Moreover, it fosters a culture of continuous innovation, resulting in cost savings due to streamlined processes and reduced time-to-market. Shorter cycles enable proactive risk management and help to allocate resources more effectively.

Two things are essential for this: motivating employees to be open to change and introducing a "fail fast" culture. Technologies that make this possible are:

1. **Big Data Analytics**  
   Insights can be gained from data more quickly, and recommendations for action can be derived from them.

2. **IoT**  
   Interconnectivity enables the interaction of various data-generating activities.

3. **Wearables**  
   New, relevant technologies motivate employees to use them and get more involved.

## Relevant Lean Manufacturing Principles

Relevant Lean Manufacturing principles to consider include:

1. **Process Factors**  
   Consisting of pull production, continuous flow, and setup time reduction.

2. **Control and Human Factors**  
   Consisting of Total Productive Maintenance (TPM), statistical process control, and employee participation.

3. **Supplier Factors**  
   Consisting of supplier feedback, supplier development, and just-in-time delivery.

Want to find out more? Find your perfect partner for free to tackle your problems and be future-proofed! – [Click here](https://sfn.chemistree.de/de/community/sfn/frageboegen/industrieunternehmen/register)
