# Enhancing Management Access to the Shop Floor

## Problem: Limited Management Access to the Shop Floor to Realize Opportunities and Challenges

The difficulty of recognizing challenges and realizing opportunities, which are defined by new issues relating to resource efficiency, innovation, compliance, and sustainability, is caused by limited management access to the shop floor.

When leaders engage more with the shop floor, they gain insights into challenges in various relevant and recent topics. Understanding these challenges enables leaders to allocate resources more effectively. Moreover, this engagement with onsite teams can facilitate the recognition of emerging opportunities and increases the engagement of employees to contribute ideas, leading to continuous improvement.

This requires communication and collaboration, which is made possible by breaking down invisible communication barriers between company levels. Technologies that support this are:

1. **SCADA System**  
   Standardized KPIs can be created that are understood by everyone to support Gemba walks.

2. **Big Data Analytics**  
   Data and information can be compiled in such a way that they can be used collaboratively.

## Relevant Lean Manufacturing Principles

Relevant Lean Manufacturing principles to consider include:

1. **Process Factors**  
   Consisting of pull production, continuous flow, and setup time reduction.

2. **Control and Human Factors**  
   Consisting of Total Productive Maintenance (TPM), statistical process control, and employee participation.

3. **Supplier Factors**  
   Consisting of supplier feedback, supplier development, and just-in-time delivery.

Want to find out more? Find your perfect partner for free to tackle your problems and be future-proofed! – [Click here](https://sfn.chemistree.de/de/community/sfn/frageboegen/industrieunternehmen/register)
